Animal Friendship
    Animal friendship makes animals spawn peaceful. This effect is influenced by
    skill level.
Cautious Strike
    Increase the to-hit bonus of the user by a flat amount at the cost of a
    damage penalty of the same amount.
Code of Honor
    Increases the to-hit bonus of the user by a flat amount. The alignment penalty
    for being a caitiff increases sharply.
Disarm
    Disarm allows the user to attempt to disarm opponents with your weapon.

    Use the #disarm command to disarm.
Dragon Tamer
    Allows the user to tame dragons by chatting with them. Additional ranks in
    dragon tamer increases the chances of success.
Flaming Fists
    Flaming fists allows the user to set enemies on fire using their unarmed
    strikes. This increases damage dealt by 1d6 and may destroy potions in the
    defender's inventory.

    The chance of this effect activating on a given attack is skill_level / 20.
Freezing Fists
    Flaming fists allows the user to  deal cold damage to enemies using their 
    unarmed strikes. This increases damage dealt by 1d6 and may destroy potions
    in the defender's inventory.

    The chance of this effect activating on a given attack is skill_level / 25.
Panache
    Panache provides a passive bonus to the user's luck.
Power Attack
    Increases the damage dealt by the user by a flat amount at the cost of a
    to-hit penalty of the same amount.
Rat Tamer
    Allows the user to tame rats by chatting to them. Additional ranks in rat tamer
    increases the chances of success.
Shocking Fists
    Shocking fists allows the user to  deal electric damage to enemies using their 
    unarmed strikes. This increases damage dealt by 1d20 and may destroy wands
    in the defender's inventory.

    The chance of this effect activating on a given attack is skill_level / 100.
Sneak Attack
    Sneak attack increases the damage the user deals when attacking from behind,
    or, if the user is not a rogue, gives them the ability to backstab. Maximum
    backstab damage is multiplied by one plus the skill level.
Stunning Fist
    Stunning fist increases the chances of stunning a monster with unarmed
    attacks, provided the user already had the ability to do so.
Sunder
    Sunder allows the user to attempt to destroy the weapons or equipment of an
    enemy character. To use this ability, use the #sunder extended command.

    Use the #sunder command to sunder.
Tumble
    Tumble allows the user to switch places with an opponent, and is useful for
    getting out of dangerous situations. Note that tumbling costs at least one
    turn, however.

    Use the #tumble command to tumble.


IDEAS
- Healer: Chance to probe monster when attacking.
- Healer: Heal enemies with unarmed strikes.
- Ranger: Favored enemy (gain bonus damage).
- Ranger: Beastmaster (tame animals).
- Ranger: Nature's Friend (animals have chance to be generated peaceful)
- Knight/Samurai: Code of Law. Increases penalty for breaking code, in exchange for... something?
- Knight: Demon hunter. Like favored enemy, but for demons. Possibly know all demons?
- Knight: Armored mage. Decreases spellcasting penalty, in exchange for... something?
- Wizard/Cleric: Blood Magic. Cast from HP.
- Humans get no skills. Instead, they get extra skill slots.
- Wizard: Wild Magic. Spells have a chance of doing random things.
- Orc: Blood Rage. Gain bonuses to attack when below half health.
- Orc: Raging Clarity. Gain bonuses to spellcasting when below half health.

- Cleave: Gain movement points upon killing a monster in melee.

ARCHEOLOGIST IDEAS
- Panache: Provides a passive bonus to luck.
- Dueling: Provides an attack bonus as long as the player is attacking with a one-handed weapon and
           wielding no shield.