-----
I have thought much of late upon the dreams of the Gods. Ancient texts tell us
that when a being of divine providence passes, they do not do so in the same
manner as a mortal would. Rather, they enter an eon-long sleep. When they
awaken, a new god is born. In their dreams, fragments of their soul do battle,
striving to control that which shall be reborn.

As the end of life begets a dream of death, so too does a dream of death beget
the beginning of life. 
-----
Medusa told me a story once. She spoke of a hero by the name of Oedipus, who
committed the gravest of sins. His hamartia, she said, was that he did not
understand his origin.

I fear that thou and he are kin. Not kin in the sense that Oedipus and his
beloved were, but kin in the sense that thou art tragically aware of thy
origin. I too, am unable to see in what manner thou came to this place, 
though I have my suspicions.

Go forth and complete thy quest, but do not lose sight of from whence thou
came, or why thou pursuest such a lofty goal.
-----
I had a dream the other night.

I wandered an endless battlefield. Gore crows wheeled above, and the earth was
strewn with blood and death. Everywhere I looked, destruction reigned. In all
my travels, I beheld only a single living being: An injured solder, trapped
beneath their chestnut charger.

Struck with a strange mixture of elation and fear, I acted. Taking hold of the
horse, I heaved it from their body, and tore the helmet from their head. Their
face held a striking similarity toward that which I currently view.
-----
The other day, I travelled below and spoke with Medusa. I told her that my
visions of late had not been of the future, but of the past. I spoke to her of
the things I saw: The countless bodies, the infinity of adventurers, and the
army mounted upon horses red.

She cupped my face in her calloused hands, as she had countless times before. 
Her eyes naturally remained closed, but the concern was writ plain upon her
face.

"How canst thou say this, Oracle? Hast thy visions driven thou mad?"

Kaen. Neferet. Even dear Vlad. All of them have responded in kind, yet thou
art unsurprised. Art thou like me? Dost thou too remember thing that have
never been?
-----
Look around thyself.

Dinosaurs. Quantum Crafters. Artefacts from countless cultures and countless
times. Idea spliced upon idea, and thought spliced upon thought.

I urge thee, think. Dost thou truly think this world can exist?
-----
I was not the first Oracle. The Oracle is a title, handed down from generation
to generation. Each generation passes on their guidance to the next, as well
as a part of their very being. Each of us is a distinct individual, and yet
only as a whole can we be understood.

Apologies, I know not why I was struck with the urge to tell you this.
Perhaps one of my past lives has some thoughts to share, eh?
-----